Gccode improve guide (#28)
esdc-devcop/strategy: guides/tfs-to-gccode.md

1. Migrate the Code
1. Build your pipeline

> ### Setting up a GCcode repository for your team
>
> 1. Create a personal account in [GCcode](https://gccode.ssc-spc.gc.ca/)
> 1. Create an issue in the [ESDC Welcome](https://gccode.ssc-spc.gc.ca/iitb-dgiit/welcome/issues/new?issue%5Bassignee_id%5D=&issue%5Bmilestone_id%5D=) project and fill out the `New Team Group Request` template
> 1. Wait for access to your new group
> 1. Create a `New project`
> 1. Clone and copy the files from the [template-gabarit](https://github.com/esdc-edsc/template-gabarit) project
> 1. Use the [label-generator](https://github.com/esdc-edsc/label-generator) to add default starter labels to your project
> 
> _Note: You may need to run the commands in the [ESDC Development Setup - `proxy-yes.bat`](https://github.com/esdc-edsc/ESDC-Development-Setup/blob/master/proxy-scripts/proxy-yes.bat) to be able to clone from GitHub._

> > ### Setting up a GitHub repository for your team

Reviewer: This whole `GitHub` section is the same as the previous `GCcode` section. Is that intended?

Author: Fixed the link

> 

> > 1. Create a personal account in [GCcode](https://gccode.ssc-spc.gc.ca/)

Author: ```suggestion
> 1. Create a personal account in [GitHub](https://github.com/)
```
